Add Upgrade Note for Strongly Typed Dependencies in Test Suites (#22778)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/migration/upgrading_version_7.adoc

When configuring an executable explicitly for link:{groovyDslPath}/org.gradle.api.tasks.compile.ForkOptions.html#org.gradle.api.tasks.compile.ForkOptions:executable[`JavaCompile`] or link:{groovyDslPath}/org.gradle.api.tasks.testing.Test.html#org.gradle.api.tasks.testing.Test:executable[`Test`] tasks, Gradle will now emit an error if this executable does not exist.
In the past, the task would be executed with the default toolchain or JVM running the build.

> ==== Strongly typed dependency declarations for Test Suites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Changes to dependency declarations in Test Suites 
```

> The `dependencies` block used to configure Test Suites and located at `testing.suites.<MY_SUITE_NAME>.dependencies` continues to diverge from the top-level `dependencies` block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `dependencies` block used to configure Test Suites and located at `testing.suites.<MY_SUITE_NAME>.dependencies` has differences from the top-level `dependencies` block.
```

I think we should also try to link to https://docs.gradle.org/7.6-rc-3/userguide/jvm_test_suite_plugin.html#differences_between_the_test_suite_dependencies_and_the_top_level_dependencies_blocks in this intro

> This is part of an ongoing effort to improve this `@Incubating` API to make it more discoverable and strongly typed.
> This change should have the benefit of making the `testing` DSL easier to work with in your IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is part of an ongoing effort to improve this `@Incubating` API to make it more discoverable and easier to use in an IDE.
```

> ==== Strongly typed dependency declarations for Test Suites
> 
> The `dependencies` block used to configure Test Suites and located at `testing.suites.<MY_SUITE_NAME>.dependencies` continues to diverge from the top-level `dependencies` block.
> This is part of an ongoing effort to improve this `@Incubating` API to make it more discoverable and strongly typed.
> This change should have the benefit of making the `testing` DSL easier to work with in your IDE.
> 
> On consequence of this is that buildsscripts which previously added project dependencies to a suite using:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
==== Added strongly typed dependency declarations to test suites

As part of the ongoing effort to improve the incubating Test Suites `dependencies` block, dependency declarations are now strongly typed.
In some case, this requires syntax changes.
For example, build scripts that previously added test suite dependencies with the following syntax:
```
Suggestion: the first three sentences of this description feel a bit sales-y to me -- I think we can streamline them into a single sentence. Additionally, we currently bury the lede of syntax breaking changes -- better to mention that as early as possible. And by introducing that concept explicitly sooner, we can introduce the example as an example to help users understand *why* they're reading this code block -- right now, it's unclear what the code block is trying to accomplish unless you read the entire section, then come back to it.

```kotlin
testing {
  suites {
    register<JvmTestSuite>("integrationTest") {
      dependencies {
        implementation(project)
      }
    }
  }
}
```

will now fail to compile, with a message like:

```
None of the following functions can be called with the arguments supplied:
public operator fun DependencyAdder.invoke(dependencyNotation: CharSequence): Unit defined in org.gradle.kotlin.dsl
public operator fun DependencyAdder.invoke(dependency: Dependency): Unit defined in org.gradle.kotlin.dsl
public operator fun DependencyAdder.invoke(files: FileCollection): Unit defined in org.gradle.kotlin.dsl
public operator fun DependencyAdder.invoke(dependency: Provider<out Dependency>): Unit defined in org.gradle.kotlin.dsl
public operator fun DependencyAdder.invoke(externalModule: ProviderConvertible<out MinimalExternalModuleDependency>): Unit defined in org.gradle.kotlin.dsl
```

To fix this, replace the reference to `project` with a call to `project()`:

```kotlin
testing {
  suites {
    register<JvmTestSuite>("integrationTest") {
      dependencies {
        implementation(project())
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> There may be other breaking changes related to dependency declarations in this block.

Reviewer: There are a few other changes:

- You cannot use `Provider<String>` as a dependency declaration.
- You cannot use a `Map` as a dependency declaration for Kotlin or Java.
- You cannot use a bundle as a dependency declaration directly (`implementation(libs.bundles.testing)`), instead you have to use `implementation.bundle(libs.bundles.testing)`

> For more information, see the updated <<jvm_test_suite_plugin.adoc#sec:declare_an_additional_test_suite, declare an additional test suite>> example in the JVM Test Suite Plugin section of the user guide, and the link:{groovyDslPath}/org.gradle.api.artifacts.dsl.DependencyAdder.html[`DependencyAdder`] page in the DSL reference.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information, see the updated <<jvm_test_suite_plugin.adoc#sec:declare_an_additional_test_suite, declare an additional test suite>> example in the JVM Test Suite Plugin section of the user guide and the link:{groovyDslPath}/org.gradle.api.artifacts.dsl.DependencyAdder.html[`DependencyAdder`] page in the DSL reference.
```
Nitpick: no need for this comma.

When configuring an executable explicitly for link:{groovyDslPath}/org.gradle.api.tasks.compile.ForkOptions.html#org.gradle.api.tasks.compile.ForkOptions:executable[`JavaCompile`] or link:{groovyDslPath}/org.gradle.api.tasks.testing.Test.html#org.gradle.api.tasks.testing.Test:executable[`Test`] tasks, Gradle will now emit an error if this executable does not exist.
In the past, the task would be executed with the default toolchain or JVM running the build.

> ==== Changes to dependency declarateions in Test Suites

Reviewer 2: I still feel like this is too vague. I would prefer something closer to my suggested title that makes the "changes" explicit. Also we should fix the typo here.

> As part of the ongoing effort to improve Test Suites, dependency declarations using its nested `dependencies` block are <<jvm_test_suite_plugin.adoc#sec:differences_with_top_level_dependencies, now strongly typed>>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Dependency declarations in the Test Suites `dependencies` block are <<jvm_test_suite_plugin.adoc#sec:differences_with_top_level_dependencies, now strongly typed>>.
```
Suggestion: as an incubating API, I assume users are aware we are continually tweaking and improving things. Better to avoid the confusing pronoun usage, eliminate the intro, and keep the sentence trim.

This will help make this incubating API more discoverable and easier to use in an IDE.

> In some case, this requires syntax changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In some cases, this requires syntax changes.
```

```kotlin
testing {
  suites {
    register<JvmTestSuite>("integrationTest") {
      dependencies {
        implementation(project)
      }
    }
  }
}
```

will now fail to compile, with a message like:

```
None of the following functions can be called with the arguments supplied:
public operator fun DependencyAdder.invoke(dependencyNotation: CharSequence): Unit defined in org.gradle.kotlin.dsl
public operator fun DependencyAdder.invoke(dependency: Dependency): Unit defined in org.gradle.kotlin.dsl
public operator fun DependencyAdder.invoke(files: FileCollection): Unit defined in org.gradle.kotlin.dsl
public operator fun DependencyAdder.invoke(dependency: Provider<out Dependency>): Unit defined in org.gradle.kotlin.dsl
public operator fun DependencyAdder.invoke(externalModule: ProviderConvertible<out MinimalExternalModuleDependency>): Unit defined in org.gradle.kotlin.dsl
```

To fix this, replace the reference to `project` with a call to `project()`:

```kotlin
testing {
  suites {
    register<JvmTestSuite>("integrationTest") {
      dependencies {
        implementation(project())
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> There are other related changes, such as:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Other syntax effected by this change includes:
```
Suggestion: make this list introduction more specific.

- You cannot use `Provider<String>` as a dependency declaration.
- You cannot use a `Map` as a dependency declaration for Kotlin or Java.

> - You cannot use a bundle as a dependency declaration directly (`implementation(libs.bundles.testing)`), instead you have to use `implementation.bundle(libs.bundles.testing)`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You cannot use a bundle as a dependency declaration directly (`implementation(libs.bundles.testing)`). Use `implementation.bundle(libs.bundles.testing)` instead.
```
Suggestion: split this into two sentences, rephrase second clause to active voice.
